c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.exe
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.pdb
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.WindowsForms.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Build2.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Chat.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.DeleteTeamProject.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Policy.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.ProjectManagement.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.SourceControl.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Test.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.TestManagement.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.VersionControl.Controls.Common.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Work.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Controls.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.ControlsCore.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Diff.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Common.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.QueryLanguage.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Proxy.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.DataStoreLoader.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Build2.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Chat.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.DeleteTeamProject.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Policy.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.ProjectManagement.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.SourceControl.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Test.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.TestManagement.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Work.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Controls.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.ControlsCore.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.xml
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\cs\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pl\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\cs\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pl\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.WITDataStore.dll
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\obj\x64\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\obj\x64\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.csproj.ConsoleApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\obj\x64\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.exe
c:\users\mishenkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\obj\x64\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.pdb
